Creation of Offline Installation topic. (#350)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/migrate-from-MKE-3.md

{{< /callout >}}

### Offline upgrade

> To perform an offline upgrade from MKE 3 to MKE 4k, add the following flags to the `mkectl upgrade` command:

Reviewer: Users still must perform the same `## Preparation ##` steps from the `offline-installation.md`. So, it should be something like 

```suggestion
To perform an offline upgrade from MKE 3 to MKE 4k, prepare your environment as described [here](link-to-offline-installation-preparetion) and add the following flags to the `mkectl upgrade` command:
```

installation](../getting-started/offline-installation/#preparation), and add
the following flags to the `mkectl upgrade` command:

* `--image-registry=<registry_full_path>`
* `--chart-registry=oci://<registry_full_path>`
* `--mke3-airgapped=true`

| Setting                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `.spec.registries.imageRegistry.URL` | Sets your registry address with a project path that contains your MKE 4 images. For example, `private-registry.example.com:8080/mke`. <br><br>The setting must not end with a slash `/`.<br><br>The port is optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
> | `.spec.registries.chartRegistry.URL` | Sets your registry address with a project path that contains your MKE 4 helm charts in OCI format. For example, `oci://private-registry.example.com:8080/mke`.<br><br>The setting must always start with `oci://`, and it must not end with a slash `/` .<br><br>If you uploaded the bundle as previously described, the registry address and path will be the same for chart and image registry, with the only difference being the `oci://` prefix in the chart registry URL. |
> | `.spec.airgap.enabled = true`        | Indicates that your environment is airgapped.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: In this context, we should use the provided flag names instead of the config file settings

```suggestion
| `--image-registry` | Sets your registry address with a project path that contains your MKE 4 images. For example, `private-registry.example.com:8080/mke`. <br><br>The setting must not end with a slash `/`.<br><br>The port is optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `--chart-registry` | Sets your registry address with a project path that contains your MKE 4 helm charts in OCI format. For example, `oci://private-registry.example.com:8080/mke`.<br><br>The setting must always start with `oci://`, and it must not end with a slash `/` .<br><br>If you uploaded the bundle as previously described, the registry address and path will be the same for chart and image registry, with the only difference being the `oci://` prefix in the chart registry URL. |
| `--mke3-airgapped=true`        | Indicates that your environment is airgapped.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
